---
title: OCR pipeline
date: 2023-11-03
---

For quite a while now I've wanted to write for my blog.
It has been bouncing around in my head, but I never really do anything about it to clear the headspace.
So me May be it has to do with the fact that take I need to pop out laptop and stark my writing on there.
But then the feeling fades or my procrastination gets the better of me.
I'm not completely sure, but the result is still the same.
Nothing happens.
Or maybe it has to do with fact that I don't have an interesting subject to write about for you, the reader.
But then I'm not really writing because I want to wire.
I would be writing because I need to write for the reader and not for myself because I want to.
By now I should probably insert a bit that mentions how all this is going to change and what magical way I've found to get myself started.
But I won't.

I started writing today because I had that urge again.
The one that lives rent-free in my head.
Immobilising me from doing something else.
What changed?
Well I bought myself a fountain pen.
A Lamy studio to be precise.
I wanted to give pens another try after using ballpoint pens for the last 15 years.
For some reason writing on paper had seemed more alluring than just writing text in a terminal.
I'm already using a laptop for forty hours each week.
No need to use it any more in my spare time.

It just leaves me with my thoughts on a piece of paper.
But I do want these thoughts in a simple markdown file.
As some sort of archive that reflects my thoughts and growth.
I was going to call it a simple problem, but I don't know.
Anyway, I still need to find a way to get this handwriting on a computer and in some kind of blog format.
Cue Optical Character Recognition or OCR in short.
For now, I settled with using Google Lens on my phone to copy the text to my workstation.
There I can go over the text, read through it, correct it and finally just put it in a markdown file.
All from within the comfort of my terminal.
Let's start with that and see if I like it or not.

